We have to remember who is the backbone of this country.

The American worker.
With yesterday’s announcement that we’re implementing the Special Financial Assistance program, iron workers, bricklayers, carpenters, plumbers, truck drivers, food workers, and their union brothers and sisters will have the dignified retirement they earned and deserve. https://t.co/MpKah7Zlq4
These Presidential Medal of Freedom recipients embody the soul of this nation – hard work, perseverance, and faith. They’ve dedicated their lives to advocating for the vulnerable and driving change.

I’m proud to welcome them and their families to the People’s House tomorrow. https://t.co/CGm8443ZmW
I've worked, including through Test to Treat, to expand access to Paxlovid, a pill shown to curb the worst effects of COVID-19.

Now, in addition to doctors and providers, the FDA announced pharmacists with your medical information can prescribe Paxlovid to patients.
I promised I'd fight like hell to protect union workers.

The American Rescue Plan's Special Financial Assistance program represents millions of union pensions protected, one of the most significant achievements for union workers and retirees in fifty years, and a promise kept.
The American Rescue Plan re-opened 99% of schools, helped create over 8 million jobs, and sparked the fastest economic growth in decades.

And today, with the Special Financial Assistance program, it will protect the pension benefits of millions of union workers and retirees.
I promised I would be the most pro-union president in our history.

That’s another promise I am keeping.
Imagine working 40 or 50 years. Working hard. Doing everything right to provide for your family. And your pension goes insolvent through no fault of your own.

I did something about it.

The Butch Lewis Act will keep multiemployer plans solvent for decades to come – until 2051.
Tune in as I join union workers and retirees in Cleveland, Ohio to announce the final rule implementing the American Rescue Plan’s Special Financial Assistance program that will protect pension benefits for millions of union workers and retirees. https://t.co/xKjKLUoLSb
We can deal with the immediate crisis of high gas prices and still seize a clean energy future.

We’re America – we can do both.
More than 50 years have passed since the jungles of Vietnam where, as young men, these Medal of Honor recipients first proved their mettle.

Their astonishing bravery and selflessness has left a lasting mark on an indebted nation. https://t.co/IKcNTiI8y0
Today, I stood humbly alongside Specialists Five Dennis Fujii and Dwight Birdwell, Major John Duffy, and the family of the late Staff Sergeant Edward Kaneshiro as I awarded each soldier with the highest military recognition, the Medal of Honor.

They're the best of America. https://t.co/kB79HprNa5
Due to the pandemic, kids are behind in math and reading. We know how to help bridge this gap.

I'm calling on schools to use American Rescue Plan funds to expand tutoring, summer learning, and afterschool programs and to provide 250,000 more tutors and mentors for our kids.
Tune in as I award the Medal of Honor to four U.S. Army Soldiers who fought in the Vietnam War. https://t.co/Hqt1dHqFwf
Jill and I hope you had a happy Fourth of July, America.

God bless you all. And may God protect our troops. https://t.co/sSTremPfTl
Tune in as I deliver remarks this Independence Day. https://t.co/ceHWU8PuSB
Jill and I are shocked by the senseless gun violence that has yet again brought grief to an American community this Independence Day. As always, we are grateful for the first responders and law enforcement on the scene.

I will not give up fighting the epidemic of gun violence.
https://t.co/IR5iXs0oqX
The Fourth of July is a sacred day in our country – it's a time to celebrate the goodness of our nation, the only nation on Earth founded based on an idea: that all people are created equal.

Make no mistake, our best days still lie ahead.
Under my plan for the economy, we’ve made extraordinary progress. We’ve put America in a position to tackle the worldwide problem of inflation from a place of strength. The problem is Republicans in Congress are doing everything they can to stop my plans to bring down costs.
Before I took office 3,000 Americans were dying from COVID each day. 20 Million Americans had lost their jobs.

In fact, so many Americans lost their jobs that my predecessor became just the second president in history to leave office with fewer jobs in America than when entered.
On our nation’s first Wildland Firefighter Day, I’m proud to honor those who heroically protect our communities and natural resources.
 
As wildfires get more difficult to control every year, we commemorate their selfless service and thank them for their many sacrifices. https://t.co/0VNWRktm7S
My message to the companies running gas stations and setting prices at the pump is simple: this is a time of war and global peril. 

Bring down the price you are charging at the pump to reflect the cost you’re paying for the product. And do it now.
The Supreme Court's reversal of Roe v. Wade will upend the lives and impact the health of millions of women.
 
As I've said, this isn't over. In addition to my actions to protect women's right to travel for care and access FDA-approved medication, these Governors are stepping up: https://t.co/gP98mTg1vZ
Today, I was joined by a group of Governors who share my outrage at the Supreme Court's extreme decision on Roe v. Wade.

They understand what's at stake, and they're doing everything in their power to protect the women they serve. https://t.co/SQsTSSBaqy
Florida’s “Don’t Say Gay” law takes effect today – the latest attempt by Republicans in state houses to target LGBTQI+ students, teachers, and families.

Legislators shouldn’t be in the business of censoring educators, and @usedgov will do all in its power to protect students.
Tune in as I convene a virtual meeting with Governors to discuss efforts to protect access to reproductive health care. https://t.co/Pv3Vc02fLg
Yesterday’s Supreme Court ruling in West Virginia vs. EPA aims to take our country backwards. Our fight against climate change must carry forward.

My Administration and I will leverage every authority to protect public health, keep our air clean, and tackle the climate crisis.
My message to young people in the LGBTQI+ community is simple: Just be you.
 
You are loved. You are understood. You do belong. And we have your back. https://t.co/Wf6xyJ6l7D
Folks, it’s the last day of Great Outdoors month, a time to celebrate the natural splendor and environmental importance of the forests, waters, and natural lands that make our nation so special.

Go out and explore them. Find a national park near you. https://t.co/DCmyx0qnMe https://t.co/lZ8J4GSzOz
Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson. 

As I said the day she was confirmed: You’d be hard-pressed to find someone better qualified for the job. Congratulations, Justice Jackson. https://t.co/HVDVPB74ZZ
Congratulations to @YairLapid, Israel’s new Prime Minister, and thank you to Alternate Prime Minister @NaftaliBennett for your friendship over the past year.  I look forward to seeing you both in July to celebrate the unbreakable U.S.-Israel partnership.
Earlier this year, the U.S. surged 20,000 additional U.S. forces to Europe to strengthen our NATO Alliance in response to Russia’s aggression against Ukraine and the changing security environment.

We’ll continue to adjust our posture to ensure the defense of our Allies:
We have to codify Roe v. Wade into law.

And as I said this morning: If the filibuster gets in the way, then we need to make an exception to get it done.
Yesterday, Delaware leaders took action to safeguard abortion access and enhance protections for health care providers and patients seeking care in the First State.

I thank Governor Carney for this swift and necessary step to get women the care they need.
I think this will be a history-making summit.

NATO is stronger than ever. https://t.co/gRE9dYNami
The NATO Alliance is proud to invite Finland and Sweden to become members.

Their decision to join this Alliance is going to make us stronger and more secure – it will bolster the steps we’re taking during this summit to enhance our collective strength.
Today, I met with President Yoon Suk-Yeol of the Republic of Korea and Prime Minister Fumio Kishida of Japan to discuss our shared objectives, including a complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula and a free and open Indo-Pacific.

Trilateral cooperation is essential.
In a moment when Putin has shattered peace in Europe and attacked the very tenets of the rules-based order, the United States and our Allies are stepping up to support Ukraine and boost our defenses. 

We’re proving that NATO is more needed now than it ever has been. https://t.co/vGTgRHCgAZ
Earlier, I joined NATO Secretary General Stoltenberg to kick off a historic summit.

We'll approve a new NATO Strategic Concept, reaffirming the unity and capability of our Alliance to defend every inch of NATO territory. Because an attack against one is an attack against all. https://t.co/EpV3BMo8xX
Folks, let's get one thing straight: The ultra-MAGA agenda has always been about taking away women’s rights, in every single state.
Fifty three years ago, a movement was born at the Stonewall Inn.

Today, we celebrate the generations of LGBTQI+ people who have fought to make the possibilities of our nation real for every American. It is with pride that we continue what they started.
This morning I met with President @Sanchezcastejon and thanked him for hosting the NATO Summit and for Spain’s 40 years of contributions to Transatlantic security.

Together, we launched a joint declaration reaffirming our close partnership on addressing global challenges. https://t.co/OCRbAPnhFI
It was an honor to meet with His Majesty King Felipe VI of Spain today and reaffirm the enduring friendship between our nations. https://t.co/VbtcEpe61n
Today, I left Germany's beautiful Schloss Elmau energized by the G7’s unified vision and ready to execute our newly-launched Partnership for Global Infrastructure and Investment.

This coalition is stronger than ever. https://t.co/Nt0yPWCQmc
